Update CLI input regarding creation of end-devices via json (#783)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/device-json.md

]
```

***Important observation***

> The format described above works for the console, when using the cli a JSON stream is expected. One of the possible ways of doing it in the cli would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format described above works for the Console. However, when using the CLI a JSON stream is expected. You can pipe multiple files:
```

Author: Section removed in favour of having a more simple explanation. I updated the object reference to remove `[` and `]`, since the json stream works both on Console and CLI there is no need to have different file formats for each of them. 

Another reason to remove the section was the comment made by Nejraselimovic where was pointed where the usage of the file is already described in another page.

```bash
cat end_device_1.json end_device_2.json | ttn-lw-cli end-device create 
```

> Another way would be to have the contents already concatenated in a single file and use that.

Reviewer: I would say this is the preferred way

Author: Indeed.

The section was removed in favour of a more simple explanation

```bash
# file contents
$ cat end_devices.json
{
  # device 1
}
{
  # device 2

> }

Author: Will remove it

> $ ttn-lw-cli end-device create < end_devices.json

Author: The `--application-id` is missing, my mistake. Since the upper part can be simplified I'll remove this section.
